What is it guys it won't come x.
Now in this video we're going to be working out with the many.
Let's just go to the blog right here and let's go to the dashboard right here and we need to hit menus
to go to the menus right here.
I'm going to go to menus and make sure that you go ahead and create a new menu.
You can see that I have created a menu with the body you won.
OK.
And then here first I want to add them to the home page.
So I'm going to get you all right here and see all these pages are coming here.
So first of all I'm going to add home page.
OK.
And then I'm going to add the categories.
I'm going to add the first category that people reviews the apple and the blogging tips.
OK.
So when I hit this ad too many you can see these are also added to menu.
I'm going to go to the pages right here and I need the pages and they need the contact page.
Also the timeline.
So any need these only ok.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit add to menu and you can see these are added too many right
here.
So if you want to make any of the subcategory you guys already know about it you can just bring a tray
OK.
And then you can bring it right here so you can just TURANGA tray here and you can see this is the sub
item.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to select primary menu and I'm going to hit save menu and you can see this menu should be
applied to our primary menu.
Let's just go to this right here and you can see how this is looking so we have time line and here we
have a sub menu that is this and we have everything looking trendy and amazing.
OK so this is the 2007 layout of the blog KHRAIS here and can see how amazing this is looking.
OK what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go to I'm going to add this these trub down right
here.
I can show the categories.
OK.
So you probably might be wondering why they're not here and how we can add it.
So this is so easy guys this is so easy.
You just have to go ahead you have to click menus.
OK.
And then you have to come here to the categories so this will work only on the category pages you have
to select this people reviews and then it says Ekstrom megaman you have come here and then you can say
Mangere menu tree feature.
You can come here and then you can click here megaman you've UBid three featured mega menu two featured
and recent list in the apple.
And then we have the blogging tips so we select mega menu list here.
So we have selected both of them.
OK.
All three of them.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit save too many.
And you can see this must be added to the menu.
Let's have a look at them and how they look and how they enhanced look at our Web site so if I just
come here to people reviews.
You can see they're kind of like there's Chando is trade guy who to me is the best online platform.
And then we have the dealer Romanies the best writing instructor and you're to me on you and me.
So then I have the applause so we have featured right here you can see why you need to shift to us and
then us bug fixes and then if I have one more in the Apple category it's going to appear right here.
So since they were appearing we don't have any one else in that category that is why this is not appearing
in the recent tap.
So like this let's just go to blogging tips and you can see that in the blogging tips we don't have
any added.
So if he if he go replugging tips he can see that we have Megami annual list.
OK so it's going to show the list of the mega Mineo.
OK.
So you can see that we don't have any added right here.
So this is how is looking.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to slide this to be megaman Yewtree featured.
And this to be as well as we can because I just like hit the betas and they're going to come here as
the mega You featured and let's like megaman you two featured in the recent list and let me show you
how this is going to look ok.
I'm here to blogging tips.
Apple let's look at the pole to be the Megaman tree feature.
So let's just come here.
Let's have a look at this.
Let's click extra and you can see how this is looking so we have this tray here you can see that we
have a list of reason as well.
And your money is best and you to me and this is everything.
And we have featured as well coming right here.
If we go to this we have three featured this is showing the recent one and then we have the blogging
tips and this is also showing the feature run.
So since we don't have anything else right here that is why we cannot add it.
But if we added It's going to appear right here and then we have a timeline timeline is also looking
great amazing and effective.
OK so we can also move to enable the visual builder and we can add any thing that we want to add here.
So if you just click Enable the visual builder you're going to see how this is going to look.
OK.
So let's just wait let's just see you can see this visual builder is coming right here and we can just
manage it.
OK let's see.
Here we go you can see since we are we have just opened this visual builder that is why it is growing.
Just getting started.
The visual builder and it should be here.
OK this is how it is.
This is how it is looking.
We have this Debray here and you can see we are in the visual builder so I'm just going to edit page
and see that in the edit page we can add and you think pretty well.
OK.
You can see this is the visual builder that is coming.
I don't try to use visual builder is not working but this is a visual builder that is coming.
And here we can get anything we can at zero here as well and we can also work with this so you can see
this one is selected as timeline.
So let's just go ahead and let's just go to all pages right here and see all the pages are coming.
We have all the posts coming as well.
And we also have the projects coming as well.
OK so now let's go ahead and let's work with the sidebar OK because sidebar also plays a vital role
in that.
And then we're going to work with some of the customization that how can we customize it.
You guys must already know about it.
OK very good.
Very good.
This and them are going to work with some of the customization and then we're going to end this and
then we're going to work with that e-commerce site so stadium guys and in the next video will be working
up at that.
Goodbye.